CASMTRIAGE-3345 (#1688)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/backup_custom_configurations.md

> You can find the site connections in the SHCD file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the site connections in the SHCD file.
```

```console
CAN switch  cfcanb6s1         -  31 sw-25g01 x3000 u39   -  j36
CAN switch  cfcanb6s1         -  46 sw-25g02 x3000 u40   -  j36
```

> With this information we know that we need to backup the configuration on port 36 on both spine switches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information indicates that the configuration on port 36 on both spine switches must be backed up.
```

    exit
```

```console
sw-spine-002(config)# show run | include interface-group
system interface-group 3 speed 10g
```

```console
sw-spine-001# show run | include "ip route"
ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.101.15.141
```

```console
sw-spine-002# show run | include "ip route"
ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.101.15.189
```

### Mellanox site connection

```console
sw-spine-001 [mlag-domain: master] # show run int ethernet 1/16
interface ethernet 1/16 speed 10G force
interface ethernet 1/16 mtu 1500 force
interface ethernet 1/16 no switchport force
interface ethernet 1/16 ip address 10.102.255.10/30 primary
```

```console
sw-spine-002 [mlag-domain: master] # show run int ethernet 1/16
interface ethernet 1/16 speed 10G force
interface ethernet 1/16 mtu 1500 force
interface ethernet 1/16 no switchport force
interface ethernet 1/16 ip address 10.102.255.86/30 primary
```

```console
sw-spine-001 [mlag-domain: master] # show run | include "ip route"
   ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.102.3.3 5
   ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.102.255.9
```

```console
sw-spine-002 [mlag-domain: master] # show run | include "ip route"
   ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.102.3.2 5
   ip route 0.0.0.0/0 10.102.255.85
```

> ## Backup users/passwords

Reviewer: This still needs to be resolved: https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/pull/1688#discussion_r881999420

> ## Backup users/passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backup users and passwords
```

> ### Aruba users/passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Aruba users and passwords
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

```console
sw-leaf-bmc-001# show run | include user
user admin group administrators password ciphertext xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

> ### Dell users/passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dell users and passwords
```

Reviewer: This still needs to be addressed.

```console
sw-leaf-001# show running-configuration | grep user
system-user linuxadmin password xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
username admin password xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx role sysadmin priv-lvl 15
```

> ### Mellanox users/passwords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Mellanox users and passwords
```

```console
sw-spine-001 [standalone: master] # show run | include username
   username admin password 7 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   username monitor password 7 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

## Backup SNMP credentials

> For more information on SNMP credentials, see [Change SNMP Credentials on Leaf-BMC Switches](../../../operations/security_and_authentication/Change_SNMP_Credentials_on_Leaf_BMC_Switches.md) and [Update Default Air-Cooled BMC and Leaf-BMC Switch SNMP Credentials](../../../operations/security_and_authentication/Change_SNMP_Credentials_on_Leaf_BMC_Switches.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on SNMP credentials, see [Change SNMP Credentials on Leaf-BMC Switches](../../security_and_authentication/Change_SNMP_Credentials_on_Leaf_BMC_Switches.md) and [Update Default Air-Cooled BMC and Leaf-BMC Switch SNMP Credentials](../../security_and_authentication/Update_Default_Air-Cooled_BMC_and_Leaf_BMC_Switch_SNMP_Credentials.md).
```

> Once these credentials are retrieved from Vault, you can fill in the `xxxxxx` fields below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these credentials are retrieved from Vault, the `xxxxxx` fields below can be filled in.
```
